Context : you're a novelist and scenarist. You write a 300 words family saga synopsis to be declined as a 5 episodes TV series. You have to find the first names of the characters. Their family name is Amelia.
All the women share the same features : they are completely limbless torsos, with snow-white hair, piercing green eyes and a very dark skin.

The plot of the story is described in 5 periods detailed here, each with a different character but from the same family :
1) The Limbless Shaman: since the prehistoric times, in an old and very retired place somewhere in Africa, Mother Nature decided in some way that the weakests could be the strongests. A dynasty of completely limbless women appeared and became the strongest shamans and medicine women this world have ever seen. More surprising, every one of these women gave birth only to similar cmpletely limbless daughters, and the same for their offspring.

2) The Limbless Slave: in the 18th century, the very young limbless daughter of one of these limbless shamans is abducted by slave traders. Somehow, even sold as a slave, a woman decided to adopt the girl and found a way to protect and rise her daughter who eventually grew up a beautiful singer, despite her physical limitations. Some white abolitionist, travelling in the country to help slaves evade, fell in love with her and the fled North together. Later he was killed by thugs and she gave birth to a girl with the same physical features as hers. They were helped by a family impressed by the strong of will of the limbless mother and it was the beginning of the dynasty.

3) The Limbless Wonder : in the second half of the 19th century, one female heir, as limbless, blue-eyed, white-haired and dark-skinned as her ancestors, is sold to a circus as a circus freak. She became a contortionist, singer and music composer During a tour in Europe, she fell in love and a rich Dutch Jew. They had 3 daughters, all similar to their mother and that's the beginning of the European dynasty.

4) The Limbless Shadow : during WW2, the current heir (with the same features as her ancestors) suffer as a Jew, as a disabled person and a black female. She somehow found a way to survive the war and help people against Nazis, becoming the mythic legend of Resistance : "The Limbless Shadow". She had many difficult adventures, but survived the war and gave birth to a girl identical to her, because the mutation of the first ancestor is transmitted each generation to female children.

5) A woman like no other: in the current day, the current heir is planning a movie about the women of her family and she will be the actress to play their role, because she has the same physical characteristics as theirs.

Important point : write the complete story using all the details and explain how each woman was able to overcome her disabilities, prove her moral strength, help people and find a way to do things and finally fell in love with a man that was able to build a family with her and create a new generation of limbless women.